all right a few months ago end up
challenging three strangers to go
skydiving with me on the spot they end
up being one of my favorite adventures
that I've ever gone on with yes theory
so a few days ago Matt and Thomas came
to me and said what if you challenge an
uber driver to go skydiving with you I
said what about I challenge an entire
uber pool to go skydiving with me do you
realize how lucky have to be you're
gonna get a driver and like a passenger
to come with you you realize this is too
much this is a guy working and somebody
going somewhere and you're gonna take
them two hours away to go schedule
exactly it's the complexity of how
everybody's days have to align for it to
work out and for the passenger not to
have commitments during that day so this
can actually happen was annoying and
awesome is that I know he's gonna do it
it's the heavy be smile thank you buddy
everybody always hi all right moment of
truth
there's so many layers of complexities
that just make this yes super hard but I
still have faith and I have grace get it
all right
first supers outside hello I'm Gary
about your challenge today is to find an
eager fool okay that would say yes to
going skydiving on the spot I appreciate
it all right fair enough thank you why
I know how are you we're going around
ubers asking drivers if they want to go
skydiving today do you want to go
skydiving today no does it scare you no
all right thank you we are back at it
again
10th number two we will be taking more
over close to the ITA if any one say yes
skydiving on the spot hello how are you
do you want to go skydiving yeah I'm
serious
so me sewing sky yeah all right Gracie's
here keep the spirits up hello yes I
don't want to go skydiving nervous okay
nervous are you
yeah wow I'm glad someone who's hopeful
three drivers and I team is on my bucket
list but it's on the bottom of the
bucket
oh my god you just put me on this oh I'm
not
can these plans change for a spontaneous
yes we're basically there I think it was
just one more ride I would have
definitely sold them on this will this
happen today answer that question this
is officially the longest it's ever
taken me to get a yes I don't know if
we're setting ourselves up for filler
with it being a Monday but we'll still
try and hopefully third time's the charm
so my fingers crossed and hope we get a
good driver would Larry say yes to
skydiving this is the time where we have
to make a new plan because this one is
speedy not work every single driver will
pattern uber has been over the age of 40
so right now we're just gonna switch to
lift and hope that the demographic for
the driver is a you to just drop in that
this is not a sponsored episode by
either of the companies they will happen
today I said not the previous teutonic
but they will have alright Steven let's
see if Steven is cool this is the third
time we got to do this and I am good
vibes filming a challenger driver this
is a good start at least there was a
conversation there was some sort of
engagement so we're off to a good start
please someone who is a school esteem
but not as scared as hello watch it
further fights I just got my first role
goes to like three years ago dude then
this is the time you just
say yes this guy David what am i hard to
start about like 250
they need to have special instructors if
you're over a certain weight so
basically there's a cut-off weight limit
the drop zone right now at 240 pounds
and Anthony is a little over that so why
did you say yes if it's an actual food I
turned down a lot of opportunities only
because I was just always questioned it
and second-guessing things I think I
just saw that movie yes man like the
other day and I was just like that's a
good example of I promise we'll make
something happen to ever
I got your number and we'll make happen
down the line and we'll keep trying with
the more lyft drivers good look at ya
thank you dude anytime and Cheers if you
have ideas for what we can do with
Anthony just let us know in the comments
this is like the peak frustration now we
have going yes on both ends passengers
and drivers it's just never aligned to
all be in the same world do you think it
likes you soon yes alexis is our yes
just wait a lot of coke I have no doubt
in my mind that I like searches are yes
100% there's no way she's saying no
potentially our last try of the day
because of timing is approaching right
now it's either gonna be a yes committee
or a bus and Gracie has this weird
unsubstantiated conviction that alexis
is our girl and she'll say yes all right
it's gotta be she looks no hi do you
have something after this okay I have a
proposal for you
we are in the middle of a challenge
where we're trying to convince an uber
or lyft driver drop what they're doing
today and come skydiving with us on the
spot come on you can be that you can be
the one just defies the stereotype
[Music]
anything else our last drive today could
be the day you do something you've never
thought you could do no pressure of
course I would much rather have it be
with someone who said no and then like
swish then they're mine into a yes
because that actually shows like that
process like that's why we're making the
video or try and show people always be
pushing against those fears that don't
make any sense and prevent us from
living amazing experiences do you see
that today you will
so well if justin is young and cool I'm
down to invite him to can I pitch you
what we just fished her and she said
yesterday ok our challenge for today was
to find an an uber or lyft driver and
convince them to go skydiving on the
spot with left stick yeah
skydiving right now a little wholefoods
first grab some food and then head out
to the drop zone for free for free I am
so last year's my 30th birthday was
gonna do it but then one of those things
would just never worked out been on the
bucket list and then you guys have said
something like how could I say no
we got three first-timers every black
kid that thinks that disguise enough or
that they will see her like maybe maybe
I'm wrong about that
[Music]
in there closer we are here she's
roasting that right now haha easy peasy
baby
sorry that's pretty cool live live just
a little larger than most you guys are
doing it this is as real as it gets
it's just the quiet before the storm so
then I'm colorful yeah it's a very
colorful swallow yeah we're gonna do a
slow Malloy here for sure
[Music]
[Applause]
all right everybody made it back to the
ground and really random in like right
what the greatest days ever thank you
guys for saying yes yeah say yes okay
you were the one who's not who wasn't
too excited about this whole thing would
you do it again
no way oh yeah hey my brothers and
sisters sake I gotcha
I did
[Music]